=== Running Tests ===

In the simplest of terms, simply run the runtests.sh script with no arguments.
This will run the default tests, which include all tests in the minimal and
default directories.  Right now the only supported arg is -t <testset> which
will specify a different test set to run. Valid test sets are:

minimal - only runs tests in the minimal directory
default - runs tests in both minimal and default
stress - runs tests in minimal, default, and stress
destructive - runs tests in minimal, default, and destructive
performance - runs tests only in the performance directory

If you choose destructive it will ask if you are sure.  If you say no, it will
run default instead.  More descriptive output should be in the logfile, in the
logs directory.

It is expected that a basic set of packages are installed to run these tests.
This includes glibc-devel and gcc.  If those packages are not installed, please
install them before running the test suite.

=== Writing Tests ===

While a test can actually be any sort of executable, it is expected that
these tests will follow certain basic criteria.  This helps to ensure that
the test suite is easy to interpret.  The output is controlled by the
master script, and output is in the form of pass, fail, or skipped. All
other output is redirected to the log file.

Return Codes:
0 - A successful test completion
3 - Test skipped 
Anything else is interpreted as fail and the user is asked to check the log
for more details.

Clean up:
Each test should clean up after itself.  Residue from a test should never
impact any other test.  If you are creating something, destroy it when you
finish.

Directory Structure:
Each test should be contained in a unique directory within the appropriate
top level.  The directory must contain an executable 'runtest.sh' which will
drive the specific test.  There is no guarantee on the order of execution.
Each test should be fully independent, and have no dependency on other tests.
The top level directories are reflective of how the master test suite is called.
Each option is a super-set of the options before it.  At this time we have:

minimal: This directory should include small, fast, and important tests
which would should be run on every system.

default: This directory will include most tests which are not destructive,
or particularly long to run.  When a user runs with no flags, all tests in
both default and minimal will be run.

stress: This directory will include longer running and more resource intensive
tests which a user might not want to run in the common case due to time or
resource constraints.

destructive: This directory contains tests which have a higher probability of
causing harm to a system even in the pass case.  This would include things 
like potential for data loss.

performance: This directory contains tests aimed at performance regressions.
Tests in this directory may take considerably longer to complete.

Test Execution:
Each test is executed by the control script by calling runtest.sh.  stdout
and stderr are both redirected to the log.  Any user running with default
flags should see nothing but the name of the directory and pass/fail/skip.
The runtest.sh should manage the full test run.  This includes compiling 
any necessary source, checking for any specific dependencies, and skipping
if they are not met. At the completion of the test set, a "Test suite complete"
is printed with a pass/fail result, and the appropriate return code.


Potential for harm:
It is expected that these test will be run on real systems.  Any tests
which have increased risk of data loss or ill effects should be specified
destructive, and placed in the destructive directory. Users wishing to run
the full destructive test run are prompted loudly before it continues. The
last thing we want to do is make ordinary users afraid to run the test
suite.

Utility:
As a large number of tests are written as simple shell scripts, and many of
these tests need to perform a series of the same functions, a "library" has
been created to allow for reuse. source the testutil file as needed.  Any
functions added to testutil should be clearly commented with purpose and use.
